The catastrophic earthquake of 1934 crippled commerce and social infrastructure in Nepal. This acted as the catalyst, which augmented the need for rebuilding.

Under the Rana Regime, the first row of shops along the popular Juddha Sadak (the present New Road) took shape.

It was here that the founder Mr.Bhuramull Chaudhary was given a shop on a yearly rental fee of Rs. 200, which eventually increased to Rs 500. It was situated opposite the present Bishal Bazaar and dealt in textiles imported from various parts of India

The late Bhuramull Chaudhary having started his business in a humble manner by importing fabrics from India was also one of the few privileged businessmen permitted to enter the then Rana palace of Shri Shri Shri Judha Shumsher Jung Bahadur Rana.

Mr. Bhuramull Chaudhary along with his son carried items from his shop to the palace with the help of several porters and arranged an open shop in the courtyard for the Queen, courtiers and the King's people.

This operation functioned under the informal name of Bhuramull Lunkaran Das (those were the days when no registration of private business firms was required).

After the demise of the founder, Mr. Bhuramull Chaudhary, young Lunkaran Das Chaudhary took over the reigns of the business at the age of 23 and took it to a whole new dimension. He embarked on a lucrative business of exporting jute from Biratnagar to USA & Europe. He imported fabrics from Japan & Korea under the name of Bhuramull Lunkaran and Arun Impex.

Modern Hosiery Industries Pvt.Ltd.-1965 A modern hosiery industry producing high quality hosiery goods under the brand name of 'RHINO'. Although a pioneer in this field, the industry maintains its leadership by marketing its products competitively with imported substitute.

Nepal Spinning, weaving & knitting Pvt. Ltd: 1965 A modern textile unit manufacturing synthetic fabrics from imported yarn. This industry has been licensed to manufacture 6.3 million meters, process/finish 8.0 million meters of fabric and produce 1,166 meters of partially oriented yarn.

Ratna Stainless Steel Pvt. Ltd. 1967 It was established in 1967 in Birgunj. It is a leading manufacturing unit of stainless steel utensils and tableware, which is also a semiautomatic plant.

This was the first ever-furnishing outlet in Nepal under the banner of Flooring and Furnishing Center. In a short time the center had setup several major branches all over the country and had also established linkages with leading manufacturers of flooring and furnishing materials from India as well as abroad.

By this time, Mr. Lunkaran Das Chaudhary had carved for himself a niche in the fabric trade and this encouraged him to start Arun Emporium in 1968. This was the first and largest modern departmental arcade in Nepal with individual departments for ladies, gents, electronic and household goods. It was situated in Khichapokhari, the heart of the capital. The departmental arcade was marketing worldwide renowned products such as: Wain Shiel and Dormeuil Suiting's, Hilltop Blankets, Worldwide Electronic and Home appliances and also Christian Dior Cosmetics.

Arun Impex: 1970 One of the most active import/export firms of the 1970s, its import lines include among others, textile, construction materials, hardware, food stuff and spices. The Sole distributorship of a number of world known European manufacturers, include: Moulinex, S.A. France (manufactures of electrical household appliances); Max Factor, London (manufacturers of the world famous cosmetic products).

Soon he diversified and established a construction company under the name of United Builders. It was arguably the foremost construction company of Nepal at that time. Some of the prestigious projects undertaken were Jor Ganesh Press at Balaju, the first phase of the Soaltee Hotel, Janakpur Cigarette Factory and the road leading from Kathmandu to Trishuli.

He envisioned the spurt of the Industrial Revolution in a country that the west hadn't even reached and knew little of. However, he saw the nation empowered.

Although Nepal was neither infra-structurally prepared nor geographically positioned to keep pace with the western world, he persevered.

Today Chaudhary Group has over 100 Companies under its umbrella and an investment outlay of over $1Billion. Being the first Nepalese organization to have a distribution network spanning the subcontinent, it has made substantial presence in South Asia's fiercely competitive Food and Beverages market. Our Food & Beverages products have been a common household name in Nepal for decades. With ISO 9002 certification, providing the lead, our F&B products have crossed the borders to become a favorite in South Asian cities.

The Group's progress over the last sixty-seven years has been a trial-blazer on the Nepalese horizon. In a land-locked, developing third world nation, this spells nothing short of very hard-earned success. Apart from also being a responsible citizen, Chaudhary Group forms an intrinsic part of every realm of life from Biotech, Cement, Education, Electronics & White goods, Energy and Infrastructure, Financial Services, FMCG, Hotels & Resorts, Realty to Retail. Since its inception, Chaudhary Group has contributed to the upliftment of the nation's economy, equalizing the infrastructure and entrepreneurial capability of Nepal with other developing nations. As Nepal's investment potential progressively draws the attention of leading multinationals, Chaudhary Group continues to lead, harnessing global partnerships in core sectors and offering cost-effective procurement affiliation to corporate worldwide.  The company offers its products and services through dealers, distributors, retailers, and suppliers. Chaudhary Group is based in Kathmandu, Nepal.